From vireshk  Sat Feb  6 15:22:14 2016
 Subject: Re: FDK to MSP
  Folder: ara/list							   9127
From vireshk  Sat Feb  6 15:22:15 2016
 Subject: master build: 0 failures 5 warnings (v4.5-rc2-263-g22f6070)
  Folder: linaro/build							   8348
From vireshk  Sat Feb  6 15:22:16 2016
 Subject: [PATCH] jiffies: use CLOSKOURCE_MASK instead of constant
  Folder: me								   4421
From vireshk  Sat Feb  6 15:22:16 2016
 Subject: [PATCH v2] jiffies: use CLOCKSOURCE_MASK instead of constant
  Folder: me								   4457
From vireshk  Sat Feb  6 15:22:17 2016
 Subject: =?utf-8?q?1_linaro-kernel_moderator_request=28s=29_waiting?=
  Folder: linaro/moderator						   4889
From vireshk  Sat Feb  6 15:22:17 2016
 Subject: Re: Update to bootrom-tools and nuttx is needed
  Folder: ara/list							   9508
From vireshk  Sat Feb  6 15:22:18 2016
 Subject: Re: Question about the firmware update path
  Folder: me								   3010
From vireshk  Sat Feb  6 15:53:35 2016
 Subject: master build: 0 failures 5 warnings (v4.5-rc2-340-g5af9c2e)
  Folder: linaro/build							   8281
From vireshk  Sat Feb  6 19:29:09 2016
 Subject: Re: [PATCH v2 0/10] cpufreq: governor: ondemand/conservative data str
  Folder: me								   5806
From vireshk  Sat Feb  6 19:29:10 2016
 Subject: [PATCH v3 8/10] cpufreq: governor: Rename cpu_common_dbs_info to poli
  Folder: me								  18698
From vireshk  Sat Feb  6 19:29:11 2016
 Subject: [PATCH v3 10/10] cpufreq: governor: Drop cpu argument from dbs_check_
  Folder: me								   6441
From vireshk  Sat Feb  6 19:29:12 2016
 Subject: Request #6040: How would you rate the support you received?
  Folder: me								  38636
From vireshk  Sun Feb  7 13:12:34 2016
 Subject: Re: gcc-linaro-arm-linux-gnueabihf-4.8-2014.04_linux toolchain proble
  Folder: linaro/dev							   7205
From vireshk  Sun Feb  7 13:12:36 2016
 Subject: [JIRA] (SW-179) Define and implement module geographic location
  Folder: ara/jira							  28260
From vireshk  Sun Feb  7 13:12:37 2016
 Subject: Re: Question about the firmware update path
  Folder: me								   9911
From vireshk  Sun Feb  7 13:12:38 2016
 Subject: Re: Requirements for headphone/headset jacks on modules
  Folder: ara/list							  17468
From vireshk  Sun Feb  7 13:12:39 2016
 Subject: Re: Requirements for headphone/headset jacks on modules
  Folder: ara/list							  17786
From vireshk  Sun Feb  7 13:12:41 2016
 Subject: Fwd: [PATCH V3] greybus-spec: Add S2 Loader protocol specifications
  Folder: me								  81599
